board game 桌遊
board 板子
virtual
I will roll a virtual dice.
roll 滾動
roll your eyes 翻白眼
LOL - laugh out loud
ROFL - rolling on the floor laughing
smirk 單邊笑
smile
laugh
name 列出
travel around the world
a house
have more children
more than 3 children
atmosphere 氣氛
They can have a healthy relationship with me.
close relationship
I can be friends with my children when they grow up.
two siblings by blood
Will their mother be the same person?
blood 血
He said, it's up to you
through adoption
put something on hold 讓某個東西暫停
one child
two children
12 million
This calculation takes your time into consideration.
Take XXX into consideration 會把XXX納入考量中
mother-in-law
Your mother-in-law can take care of your child
My dad had a stroke. 中風
niece 姪女
nephew 姪子
ex-husband 前夫
pick up 接
3 weeks each  month
There is only one man in the whole world I have eyes for.
I only have eyes for you, Vanessa.
Valentine's Day
disgusting 噁心
get divorced
be divorced
mentor 師傅
hardware
let it be 順其自然
let it go 讓他去吧  隨便
stocks 股票
a new car
second hand cars
I heard a new car loses 50% of its worth in the first year.
I heard 我聽說....
worth (n.) 價值
overrated 過譽的
underrated 被低譽的
half a year ago 半年前
belong 屬於
steal > stole
Korea >>>> Korean
They are very macho. 他們很大男人
Japanese men feel whipped if they help their wives carry bags.
whip 鞭子
whipped 被鞭打
I think the first one is...
the second one is...
the third one is...
換一種講法
I want to work for an foreign company.
I want to work in an English environment
work overtime 加班
The first thing I would like to get for my birthday is.....
anxious 
nervous
anxiety (n.)
(adj)
less anxious and less nervous
less 比較少
more 比較多
confident (adj.)
confidence (n.)
I want her to be more confident.
I want her to have more confidence.
Our current place is too small.
cockroaches
(cockroach bait) cockroach
rent free 免租金
cheap 